there are things that keep me going the day to day and one of them is
knowing that the people with whom I am working are working on the single
I am and that I enjoy them and enjoy working on their work with
him and there are times when you think well I just can't do it one
more day it's too hard they're asking me to do things I'm not able to
do I think yeah but everybody else on the team is trying to accomplish
this goal and if I don't do my job they will be able to get to
their their goal so that gets me going and when you're really down in
the dumps you can look back and think of all people who sacrificed
in the past keep you motivated in to keep you on task doing what you're
supposed to be doing